docs: :building_construction: add interface for an umbrella extensions class (#156)
seedcase-project/check-datapackage: docs/design/interface.qmd

See the help documentation with `help(Exclusion)` for more details.

#### {{< var wip >}} `Extension`

This sub-item of `Config` defines extensions, i.e., additional checks
that supplement those specified by the Data Package standard. It
contains subitems that store additional checks, such as `RequiredCheck`
and `CustomCheck`. This `Extension` class might be expanded to include
more types of extensions.

```` python
@dataclass
class Extension:
    """Extension to the standard checks.

    This contains additional checks to be made alongside the standard
    Data Package checks.

    Attributes:
        required: A list of `RequiredCheck` objects defining properties to set as required.

>         custom_check: A list of `CustomCheck` objects defining extra, custom checks to run alongside the standard

Reviewer: Maybe `required_checks` and `custom_checks`? Or something where they are both plural and have the same structure.

            checks.

    Examples:

        ```{python}
        import check_datapackage as cdp

        extensions = cdp.Extension(
            required=[
                cdp.RequiredCheck(
                    jsonpath="$.description",
                    message="Data Packages must include a description."
                ),
                cdp.RequiredCheck(
                    jsonpath="$.contributors[*].email",
                    message="All contributors must have an email address."
                )
            ],
            custom_check=[cdp.CustomCheck(
                type="only-mit",
                jsonpath="$.licenses[*].name",
                message="Data Packages may only be licensed under MIT.",
                check=lambda license_name: license_name == "mit",
            )]
        )
        # check(descriptor, config=cdp.Config(extensions=extensions))
        ```
    """
    required : Optional[list[RequiredCheck]] = None
    custom_check : Optional[list[CustomCheck]] = None
````

> Each extension class must implement it's own `apply()` method that takes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each extension class must implement its own `apply()` method that takes
```

See the help documentation with `help(Exclusion)` for more details.

#### {{< var wip >}} `Extension`

This sub-item of `Config` contains it's own set of sub-items that store
extensions to the checks that `check-datapackage` runs. This `Extension`
class can be expanded to include more types of extensions.

```` python
@dataclass
class Extension:
    """Extensions to the standard checks.

    This contains additional checks to be made alongside the standard
    Data Package checks.

    Attributes:
        required: A list of properties to set as required.
        custom_check: A list of extra, custom checks to run alongside the standard
            checks.

    Examples:

        ```{python}
        import check_datapackage as cdp

>         exclusion_required = cdp.Extension(

Author: Fixed!

                ),
                cdp.Required(
                    jsonpath="$.contributors[*].email",
                    message="All contributors must have an email address."
                )
            ],
            custom_check=[cdp.CustomCheck(
                type="only-mit",
                jsonpath="$.licenses[*].name",
                message="Data Packages may only be licensed under MIT.",
                check=lambda license_name: license_name == "mit",
            )]
        )
        # check(descriptor, config=cdp.Config(extensions=custom_extensions))
        ```
    """
    required : Optional[list[Required]] = None
    custom_check : Optional[list[CustomCheck]] = None
````

Each extension class must implement it's own `apply()` method that takes
the `datapackage.json` properties `dict` as input and outputs an `Issue`
list that has the issues found by that extension.

#### {{< var wip >}} `Required`

A sub-item of `Extension` that allows users to set specific properties
as required that are not required by the Data Package standard. See the
help documentation with `help(Required)` for more details.

#### {{< var done >}} `CustomCheck`

> Add an extra, custom check that `check-datapackage` will run alongside

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sub-item of `Extension` that allows users to add an additional, custom check that `check-datapackage` will run alongside
```

See the help documentation with
[`help(Issue)`](/docs/reference/Issue.qmd) for more details.

## {{< var planned >}} Configuration file

When we develop the CLI, we'll use a config file to store the settings
contained within the `Config` class. This file will be named `.cdp.toml`
and will be located in the same directory as the `datapackage.json`
file. This is an example of what that file could look like:

``` toml
# The Data Package standard version to check against.

> version = "v2"

Author: We could provide a set list of potential values in it, like `["v2", "v2.0", "v1", "v2.1"]` to allow short hands of v2.

> version = "v2"

Author: Well, it's just that their documentation refers to v2: https://datapackage.org. The only place v2.0 is used is in the Changelog. But everywhere else, it is `v2`. I'd rather keep aligned with what they use in their language. But I'm also not super strongly opinionated on this.
